See if they can see us.
Comment if you can hear
us. Hello,
everybody. Good morning,
family. I'm not used to doing live
video,
so it's very strange for me.
I appreciate you all joining me tonight.
My heart is heavy for the people in
New Orleans. When the Lord
showed me that on October 27th,
He
showed me a man going down
Bourbon Street and doing what he did, and
it's very sad.
People say, 'Brandon, you got it right;
you saw that.'Then they say, 'Well, you didn't
get Tennessee right, but you
saw Las Vegas and that
happened.'Folks,
I'm
looking over in the spirit, and the Lord
is showing me what I'm seeing. I'm
praying for these things not to happen.
That's the bottom line:
we don't want
this stuff to happen. We don't want to
see this in the news. To me,
that is a prayer failure whenever you
see
something tragic taking place.
When
the Lord is warning you about something,
it's to stop it. You might say, 'Well,
you missed it
prophetically.'I
don't consider myself a prophet.
I say it a thousand times; I believe I'm
a Watchman. The Lord has called Diana and
me
to raise up a million-person prayer army, and
that's what we're doing. We're so
excited about Asia and what's happening
with our Asia channels; the
gospel is being spread
throughout the whole world. But whenever
you see a tragic event
like the one in New Orleans over
the
last 24 hours, I feel we failed. I
grieve because those people were down
there partying and drinking,
and we don't know where
their souls were with the Lord.
We pray they knew Jesus Christ
and had a saving knowledge of Him
because it's a very hard time
for their
families.
It's a terrible way to start
out this beautiful
2025. I pray for them and weep
with their families.
The Lord showed me
a major event taking place in Nevada.
He showed me those three
men and told me that there are major
cells throughout America and that they
had plans. The Lord even
brought up the name ISIS. He showed me
Bourbon Street and these things.
Pray for
Nashville and for families to always
be
in the right place at
the right time. It is so important in
these last days for you to be filled
with and controlled by the Holy Spirit,
listening to Him on everything
you do.
The
days are going to get very dark. I told
you
2025 for the remnant—there
are
two prophetic words that the Lord
showed me. For the bride, for the remnant, it was
like the ten virgins.
Five had their
lamps full of oil and were
expecting the bridegroom,
and
the ones that did not have their
lamps full of oil
had to
rush off and try to find oil
because the bridegroom was coming.
I want to be the one that has my
lamp full of oil in these last days
because of how serious the hour is. We
are going to see very dark days, folks,
but we are the ones that are going to be
the light in the darkness. People will come like bugs to a
light. The Lord showed
me even in this last vision
on December
26th—on
Diana's birthday when we had the
visitation—He
showed me people had
catchers'mitts
in their hands. Like
in
baseball,
we
would be the ones with the
catchers'mitts
ready to catch the lost in 2025.
People are looking
for authenticity in these last days,
not religious,
fake stuff.
Many
preachers are
preaching
AI sermons
that
don't
come
from the Spirit
of God; it's coming from a computer.
People are wanting a true
and authentic move of God,
and I believe God has
raised up Diana and me to talk about
the real. I don't like fake
religious stuff.
It's not about Brandon
getting it right.
I want Jesus to say, 'Well
done, thou good and faithful
servant.'It's
about
deflecting
the glory of
man and putting it on the Father.
No
matter how many times you get it right
or how many times people call you a
false prophet,
it's all about Jesus.
I
remember
I was driving down I-35 by
Edmond, and I was exiting off of
Covell Street.
The Lord spoke
to
me
and
said, 'Brandon, very
sobering days are coming in the
near
future.'He
said
to
be filled with
and controlled by My Spirit to bubbling
over.
That's how you're going
to maintain a backbone like
a crowbar.
Treat
your Bible like we do our cell
phones.
Smith
Wigglesworth would get out his Bible
every 15 minutes and feed on the word of
God.
That's what gives you power
and
changes you
from glory to glory.
It's not some YouTuber or some prophetic word that's going to
set you free;
it's
having a relationship with the Lord
Jesus Christ. The more
you get in
that word,
the more it's going to change you
from the inside out.
In
these last days, the Bible says
we will know His voice, and a stranger's
voice we will not
follow.
You
have that inward, still, small voice
on
the inside of you.
Father, I thank
You that You're speaking to me and
showing
me the plans You have for me
and Diana.
He
knows your future, ladies and gentlemen.
He wants
you to
have
life more abundantly.
The
devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
That's what
happened in New Orleans
and
Las
Vegas—places
that have an open door
through sin.
But if you have the blood of Jesus
and you're holding that
blood against him, the
name of the Lord is a strong tower, and
the righteous run into it and are
safe.
As long as you
keep
Jesus
number one
and
keep those
doors shut,
I
believe in divine protection. The Lord
told me
that
for the days
that are coming, we will have to have a
deep knowledge of
Psalm
91 and Psalm 23.
I told you I saw a plague
coming—COVID
on steroids.
But we know the
honey glow is all about Jesus and
what He's going to do.
He's going to
anoint you to
withstand the enemy's attack.
No weapon
formed against you will prosper.
The
Lord showed me major
attacks trying to come against
mega-churches
in Houston,
Tampa,
and
North Carolina.
I saw a
lot of people coming in with a lot of mass
shootings
trying to hurt folks.
It's
smart
to
have police officers and
security
at your church
to protect your congregation.
I
saw
cells
of
people
coming
not only from the southern
border but from the northern border
in Toronto.
Interceding for
a peaceful transition
of power and praying for
Trump's protection.
The
enemy
will
try to
touch what he loves.
I
saw
the Lord
cracking His whip
like a lion
tamer
towards the dragons
and the
bear.
It
made
them
pause,
but
it did not destroy
them.
We
must intercede for him to
finish his race.
This channel is
bringing
a
million-person
prayer army
for the glory of God.
Prayer changes things.
You'll know the truth, and
the truth will make you free.
You
need
a
Rhema
word
that
becomes alive inside of you;
it's
having a Rhema word of God that tells you
what it is.
The Holy Spirit brings
it to life.
It's life to those that find them and
health to all their flesh.
I
remember
the visitation
from the Lord where I saw Him being
crucified. He said, 'It's
the word,
Brandon.'You
have
to
believe you are saved,
healed, and blessed.
I'm more than a conqueror through Him
who
loved
me.
Arise and shine, for the light has
come.
Nothing shall
by any means hurt
you. I
believe
there
was
divine protection in
Nevada
at Trump's
hotel;
nobody was standing
close to that truck because it was a
Cyber Truck and people
are
drawn to them. The
guy in the
truck
died, but nobody else did.
That's
a prayer victory. Whatever
the devil
meant for
bad,
God
is
going to turn it for good.
I command back sevenfold what
the devil stole.
Take authority
over
your neighborhoods and your churches.
We make much of the blood
of
Jesus.
It's time
for us to
take our authority in these
last days.
Let's pray for
the
families and for divine
protection over President Trump.
A great
acceleration is coming.
Father,
we
plead the blood of Jesus over our
families.
We stand on Psalm 91
and Psalm
23.
2025 will be a
year of victory
and thriving.
Father, I pray over the hearts of the
people in New Orleans.
May
they
find You and know You
in this
time of pain.
We
always look to Jesus when bad things
happen.
We pray
for our law enforcement,
the FBI, and the Sheriff's Department.
Give
them
supernatural wisdom
to
expose
the darkness.
There is one last call for a mighty
harvest.
We are the
generation that will see the Lord come. Jesus
is
standing
there with His hand on the
doorknob.
Is your heart ready?
None of us are promised
tomorrow.
If you were to die today, where
would you spend
eternity?
What
did you do with the time He gave you?
Say this prayer:
'Father, I'm a sinner
in
need of a
savior.
Forgive me of my sins. Write my name in
the Lamb's Book of Life. I believe
You died on the
cross and rose again.
I'm coming
home.'If
you
said
that,
go
get baptized
and
get
plugged into a Bible-believing church.
For whom the Son has set free
is free indeed.
I'm telling you, our
redemption is drawing
near.
This video
is
raw and unedited because that's who we are.
We
pray
for
South Korea,
those
undergoing
chemo,
and
for
marriages.
We
believe
you
are healed
from the top of
your
head to the soles of your feet. We
come
against
demonic strongholds.
Suspect in custody,
victim unharmed
in
Vegas—prayer
works!
We come
against Alzheimer's and dementia in the name of Jesus.
Call those things that
be not as though they were.
In 2025, you have the mind of
Christ.
Don't be
upset about closed doors;
God has
something
better in store.
We come against
pneumonia. We
pray
for a worldwide revival.
I
listen
to
the
word
over and over
to
overcome
learning disabilities.
I smacked
my head on the fireplace
earlier—I'm
seeing
stars!
I
take communion with
whatever
is
available,
even
a potato chip,
for
intimacy with
the Father.
I'm
focusing
on my weight in
2025, getting back
on
the bike and
cutting
out
Sonic
Cokes
and
Cherry
Limeade.
I'm doing
a lot better after getting COVID at the revival in Cassville.
I remember a man with failing lungs who
was
healed
after
I
prayed
for
him.
It's
about
faith,
not
feelings.
We're going to see
deliverances.
Rebuke demons;
don't interview them.
I've
got
to
go—the
Holy
Spirit
is
correcting
me
for
being
a
bit
flaky!
Jesus loves you.